[WIP] SRVCOM-1664: ensure that docs have right context attribute and metadata, general cleanup (#41536)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-splitting-traffic-between-revisions-using-developer-perspective.adoc

Any new change in the code or the service configuration creates a new revision, which is a snapshot of the code at a given time. For a service, you can manage the traffic between the revisions of the service by splitting and routing it to the different revisions as required.

.Prerequisites

* The {ServerlessOperatorName} and Knative Serving are installed on your cluster.

> * You have logged into the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer: Sayeth IBM SG:
```suggestion
* You have logged in to the {product-title} web console.
```
